chore(wildfly): upgrade to use wildfly 35 (#307)
camunda/camunda-bpm-examples: spin/dataformat-configuration-in-process-application/README.md

## How to run it

1. Checkout the project with Git

> 2. Run the Maven build `mvn clean install -P${profile}`. Dependending on the application server you use, set `${profile}` to `weblogic` (for WebLogic, Websphere), `tomcat`, `jboss` or `wildfly`

Reviewer: ❌ Needs update, I just am not sure which version to put for Tomcat

```suggestion
2. Run the Maven build `mvn clean install -P${profile}`. Dependending on the application server you use, set `${profile}` to:

   * `tomcat` - compatible with Tomcat TODO version
   * `jboss` - compatible with JBoss EAP 8
   * `wildfly` - compatible with WildFly 33+
```

Author: ```suggestion
2. Run the Maven build `mvn clean install -P${profile}`. Depending on the application server you use, set `${profile}` to:

   * `tomcat` - compatible with Tomcat 10
   * `jboss` - compatible with JBoss EAP 8
   * `wildfly` - compatible with WildFly 33+
```
